
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3521947281/
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3521947281/?alternateChannel=search&refId=a9c80c33-49b7-44bd-91ea-fa98df1312d7&trackingId=XFGi6nZVRKqOZQfi9USceg%3D%3D


Sr. Principal Cloud Specialist - Customer Success Director

Company Description

DNAnexus is the leading cloud-based SaaS company serving the global life science community. DNAnexus’ health informatics platform serves customers across a spectrum of industries — government, biopharmaceutical, clinical diagnostics, healthcare, and academic research in 33 countries with compliant protection of data, privacy, and intellectual property. The platform provides a secure and collaborative environment where genomics, multi-omics, and real world data can be combined with clinical data at scale, providing new insights that can lead to improved diagnostics, new targeted therapies and better patient care.

Who We Are

We are scientists, engineers, cloud experts, compliance specialists, and thought leaders dedicated to the acceleration of scientific discovery and better healthcare for all. The work we do enables the world’s most important breakthroughs in health sciences, the development of life-saving cures, and secure access to the data required for discovery. We are a passionate group constantly providing innovative solutions for our partners as they shape the future of healthcare.

The xVantage Group is a team of deep scientific and computation experts dedicated to helping our partners succeed in their worthy ambitions. We are enthusiastic about innovation and solving complex challenges to empower our Customers to experience more “Aha!” moments. Our team is growing and we’re looking for leaders who share our passion for making an impact on science.

Our customer base is growing rapidly and so we are growing our Customer Success team to establish close long term relationships with our Customers and to help them succeed with DNAnexus.

Job Description

This is an exciting opportunity to join the DNAnexus xVantage Group as a Sr. Principal Cloud Specialist. This is a director level position in the Customer Success Organization. This is a remote position.

As a Sr. Principal Cloud Specialist, you will be accountable for the success of our largest and most strategic partnerships. You have four major responsibilities.

First Success. You bring your Customers their first success. You support the Customer portfolio as they transition from sales prospects to active users of our technologies. The activities you perform between the time they buy and the time they are live and successfully using our platform is called Hypercare. You work with your Customers to understand their objectives and develop a plan to enable them to achieve early wins. Customers are confident DNAnexus is the right technology partner for them.

Building Advocates. Your work goes beyond Hypercare. You are a relationship manager who expands Customer accounts, increases retention, solves issues, and drives Customer satisfaction. You help Customers create healthcare advancements and as a byproduct they become advocates, raving fans.

Customer Mentorship. You work to fix issues before they happen. You proactively look out for our customers’ business, suggest innovative ways to keep them succeeding with DNAnexus. You are the Customer’s trusted advisor.

Identify Trends. You see which problems impact multiple Customers and understand how to translate trends to action. You influence our products and services roadmap. You use your high-level view to anticipate potential challenges and turn them into opportunities for the Customer and DNAnexus. You are the Customer’s champion within DNAnexus and we are a company passionate about serving our Customers!

Salary and Other Compensation:

The annual starting salary for this position is between $180,000 – $230,000. Factors which may affect starting pay within this range may include geography/market, skills, education, experience and other qualifications of the successful candidate.

Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: medical insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, 401(k) retirement plan, life insurance, long-term disability insurance, short-term disability insurance, flexible paid time off, 12 weeks of paid parental leave, and national holidays paid.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree, preferably in one of the following: life sciences, software engineering, biomedical data management, data science, bioinformatics, computational biology, computer science or related field
An advanced degree in bioinformatics, or life science, and/or an MBA is highly desirable
8+ years of progressive experience, including 4+ years in consulting, services, Success in tech leadership, or program management role
A propensity and passion for forming and maintaining relationships
A high level of empathy, be able to connect with Customers over both their successes and frustrations
A recognized leader - you exude confidence you can get the job done
Excellent interpersonal skills, both oral and written; able to communicate clearly and effectively with members of the technical team and executives.
Computational knowledge of one (or more) programming languages such as Python, R, bash, etc. desired, strongly desired working experience with Machine Learning tools
Understanding of existing techniques for managing and analyzing genomic, clinical/phenotypic, pharmacokinetic, and other molecular data (transcriptomic, metabolomic, proteomic, microbiome).
Experience collecting requirements, designing solutions and creating documentation
Entrepreneurial “can do” attitude with the ability to find creative, pragmatic solutions.
Experience working directly with Customers and partners in the life sciences and clinical industries.
An understanding of human genetics and the effects on human diseases, e.g. oncology, immunology, cardiovascular
Understanding of statistical models used in translational informatics including linear and logistic regression, linear mixed models, and collapsing analysis
Strong organization and presentation skills

Additional Information

Based in Mountain View, California, DNAnexus is experiencing rapid growth and is searching for the best talent to join our team. We recently completed a $200 million financing round to advance our growth globally to further serve leading healthcare and life sciences organizations. Key investors include BlackStone, Google Ventures, Perceptive Advisors, Northpond Ventures, TPG Biotech, and Foresite Capital.

We are well funded, growing quickly and building an innovative SaaS platform that can truly change the world.
