https://www.nexhealth.com/careers/open-positions?gh_jid=4839442004

Revenue Operations Lead - Customer Success
at NexHealth (View all jobs)
United States
About NexHealth

Our healthcare system is frustratingly analog. When you live in a world of one-tap car rides, meal delivery, and unlimited streaming, why do you have to call to schedule an appointment with a doctor and are still handed a clipboard to fill in a form? NexHealth’s mission is to accelerate innovation in healthcare. We’re doing this by connecting patients, doctors, and developers. We’re the first to fully automate the integration with health record systems, paving the way for a new generation of disruptive health-tech companies. 

Here's some of what we've accomplished:

$125M Series C at $1B valuation
Manage more than 38 million patient records
100%+ annual revenue growth
Top 10% of Inc. 5000 (2022)
Revenue Operations at NexHealth

It is an exciting time to be supporting Customer Success at NexHealth.  Our SaaS platform has a strong need by doctors and has a very compelling sell.  50% of doctors that see a demo will sign a contract within 2-4 weeks.  The team is growing onsite out of our HQ in Draper, Utah and we have aggressive plans to scale the team into the hundreds.  At this stage, we are focused on acquiring market share quickly and joining the team now would put you at the forefront of a lot of growth to come in the next few months and years.

Reporting to the Revenue Operations Leader, NexHealth is looking for a Revenue Operations Lead focusing on Customer Support and Implementation, but truly a generalist that understands the complete customer journey from awareness through to retaining and growing customers. This person will be responsible for driving the implementation and optimization of revenue-driving initiatives and processes within the Customer Success organization. A successful candidate will have a strong background in data analytics, customer success, and project management, and will be able to use this expertise to help drive revenue growth and customer retention. We need someone that knows how to ruthlessly prioritize amidst endless optionality to drive high-impact projects across the finish-line consistently and frequently. A team player that is comfortable and effective at pushing back on incomplete ideas, challenging their own assumptions as well other’s to arrive at the best possible solutions.

Who you are:

An absolute owner - owning the output and fill in the gap wherever is needed
A collaborator - the customer’s success is the team’s success and your success
An empathetic problem solver - the ability to break down complex and ambiguous problems
A first principles thinker - be able to answer the “why” before any decision
Insatiably curious - be able to dig deep and learn
Customer experience steward - won’t rest until customer issues are resolved in a high quality manner
Effective and efficient communicator - our customers are busy and want their issues understood quickly

What You’ll Bring:

5+ years experience managing Marketing/Revenue operations for high growth B2B Saas
Excellent presentation and public speaking skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Excel/G-Sheets power user, and skilled in data visualization
Effective cross-functional leadership experience


What You’ll Do: 

Lead the development and implementation of revenue-driving initiatives and processes within the Customer Success & Implementation organizations, with an emphasis on building for scale.
Work closely with cross-functional teams to define and implement tracking and measurement frameworks for revenue-driving initiatives.
Analyze and interpret data to proactively provide insights and recommendations to relevant stakeholders across the business.
Stay up-to-date on industry best practices, tools, and new revenue-driving trends, and provide recommendations for adoption.
Develop and maintain documentation for Customer Success processes and standard operating procedures.


NexHealth Operating Principles

Solve the customer’s problems, not yours
When making decisions, think from the perspective of the customer. It’s easy to make decisions that make our lives simpler, but not the customers.
Do the things others are not willing to do
As a Nexer, always go after the hardest problems. Pursue things at the highest quality. Move at the fastest pace. 
Take ownership
Act like a founder. Own your roles, destinies, mistakes, behavior, and our mission. The buck stops with each of us - no blaming or excuses.
Say what’s on your mind, with positive intent
Be direct, proactive, transparent, and frequent in your communication. 
Default trust
As a Nexer, you do not have to earn trust, trust is given to you by default. If we by default trust each other, our speed of communication, feedback, information sharing, and overall improvements will be a lot faster.
Think in first principles
We first identify the problem and then break it down to its fundamentals before diving into solutions. We constantly ask “why” to validate our assumptions. 
Benefits

Competitive salary
Full Medical, Dental, and Vision
401K
Commuter Benefits
Unlimited PTO
EEOC Statement 

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We will provide reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at talent@nexhealth.com.

#LI-Remote
