## https://www.parsleyhealth.com/careers/?gh_jid=5568861003

Senior Product Manager
(View all jobs)
Remote
About us:

Parsley Health is a digital health company with a mission to transform the health of everyone, everywhere with the world's best possible medicine. Today, Parsley Health is the nation's largest health care company helping people suffering from chronic conditions find relief with root cause resolution medicine. Our work is inspired by our members’ journeys and our actions are focused on impact and results.

The opportunity:

We’re looking for a Sr. Product Manager to play a key role in making the experience seamless for our B2B2C members and our clinicians. Our partners consist of strategic employers, health payers, health systems and channel partners. You’ll partner with product design, member experience, engineering and our clinical team to craft and execute a product strategy that delivers outcomes for both our members and our business. Product at Parsley Health is the voice of the members at Parsley so you’ll take part in shaping our culture, too!

What you’ll do:

Represent the member voice in the Parsley-wide decision making process, design journeys and prioritization efforts.
Lead with innovation in mind. What’s the best, most seamless way to use new and emerging technologies
Partner with doctors & health coaches in addition to more traditional product management stakeholders (engineering, design, marketing)
Work with cross-functional partners in engineering and design to ensure product initiatives are executed with high quality in a timely manner
Actively participate in the definition and execution of an outcomes-driven product strategy with a cross-functional teams to build a category-leading digital healthcare experience
Own the product lifecycle from ideation to execution (and iterations) using both qualitative and quantitative inputs to inform your decisions and measure success
What you’ll need:

Experience working with B2B and healthcare products. You’ve worked as an associate product manager for at least 2 years shipping products at growth stage companies with at least 2 years focused on B2B healthcare.
Excellent communication skills. Your writing is both thorough and concise, you are proactive when it comes to informing cross-functional partners, and you’re comfortable speaking to a wide array of audiences at varying levels.
Strong analytical skills. You can share examples of times you’ve used qualitative methods to unearth product opportunities or validate your ideas (ex: user research, A/B testing). Prior experience with data analysis and analytics tools is a must.
A stellar sense of empathy for end-users. From quantitative analysis to qualitative research, you always keep end-users at the forefront. You’re excited to build products that are enjoyable and delightful to all types of end-users while still fulfilling a core user need.
A desire to quickly learn what you don’t already know. Prior experience in an entrepreneurial endeavor is very helpful, but not required.
Benefits and Compensation:

Equity Stake
401(k) + Employer Matching program
Remote-first with the option to work from one of our centers in NYC or LA
Complimentary Parsley Health Complete Care membership
Subsidized Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance plan options
Generous 4+ weeks of paid time off
Annual professional development stipend
Parsley Health is committed to providing an equitable, fair and transparent compensation program for all employees.

The starting salary for this role is between $144,500 - $170,000, depending on skills and experience. We take a geo-neutral approach to compensation within the US, meaning that we pay based on job function and level, not location.

Individual compensation decisions are based on a number of factors, including experience level, skillset, and balancing internal equity relative to peers at the company. We expect the majority of the candidates who are offered roles at our company to fall healthily throughout the range based on these factors. We recognize that the person we hire may be less experienced (or more senior) than this job description as posted. If that ends up being the case, the updated salary range will be communicated with candidates during the process.

At Parsley Health we believe in celebrating everything that makes us human and are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We embrace diversity and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better we can serve our members. 

Important note:

In light of recent increase in hiring scams, if you're selected to move onto the next phase of our hiring process, a member of our Talent Acquisition team will reach out to you directly from an @parsleyhealth.com email address to guide you through our interview process. 

    Please note: 

We will never communicate with you via Microsoft Teams
We will never ask for your bank account information at any point during the recruitment process, nor will we send you a check (electronic or physical) to purchase home office equipment
We look forward to connecting!

#LI-Remote
