https://boards.greenhouse.io/graphitehealth/jobs/4024138006

https://catalyst.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/CAT.21.0189

Recruiter:
Harvey Alcabes
https://www.linkedin.com/in/harveyalcabes/

Senior Technical Product Manager
(View all jobs)
United States - Remote
About Graphite:
A Common Language for Digital Health
 
Graphite is a software company creating the first comprehensive digital ecosystem for the frictionless exchange of health data. This has been tried before, but never in this way. We are a non-profit, partnering with leading healthcare organizations to achieve the critical mass necessary to align around a de facto industry standard. By doing this together, we are ensuring this is done for the benefit of all. For more information please visit www.graphitehealth.io.
Job Summary: 
We are hiring a Sr. Technical Product Manager to join our team and have a significant impact on our product roadmap.  In this role, you will be responsible for technical product management across Graphite products with a focus on our Interoperability Platform.  The role consists of both internal and external product management responsibilities. Internally facing responsibilities will include working with internal stakeholders to develop product strategy and roadmaps.  External responsibilities will include interacting with end-users, health systems partners and ISVs to collect product feedback and capture future product requirements. You will work cross collaboratively with all teams to ensure successful product delivery.

This role can be 100% remote in the USA; it is a full-time role and offers extensive benefits including a healthcare plan.
Responsibilities:
Research, build and maintain high-level product vision, strategy, and roadmaps 
Incorporate data, research, and market analysis to lead definition of strategic direction for Graphite's products and actionable work items for engineering 
Communicate product strategy and vision to key stakeholders for external and internal use 
Work collaboratively with technical leaders to align product roadmap with engineering capacity and help sequence product engineering backlog 
Interact with external end users to solicit product feedback and participate in co-creation opportunities 
Provide ongoing updates with regards to product status, features, functions and expected ship dates 
Support various responsibilities in the product management team to ensure timely delivery of products that meet the market’s needs 
Active role in recruiting and building a high-performing Product Management team 
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a technical field 
7+ years of product management or related industry experience 
Prior experience with health data interoperability at a health technology software product company 
Experience taking one or more healthcare software products through the full product lifecycle, from conception to launch to ongoing optimization through data analysis and customer feedback 
Experience with SDKs, APIs, or related products for software developers 
Start-up mentality, energized by delivering new products, testing new concepts, and rapidly iterating/evolving based on response 
Preferred Qualification:
Education and/or experience in Computer Science and Software Development
Work Environment:
Fast-paced work environment
Work in a quiet remote work environment
Be available for collaborative work (via computer, videoconference, teleconference, etc.) during Graphite working hours, Monday through Friday
Sit for prolonged periods working on a computer
Lift basic office equipment and supplies
Periodic travel (including air travel) may be required
Perks and Benefits:
Graphite offers comprehensive benefit options designed to provide choice and flexibility, including: 
Top-tier medical, dental and vision plans 
Flexible Spending Account 
Short- and long-term disability plans 
Life and AD&D 
Voluntary benefits, including options such as accident insurance and pet insurance 
You will be eligible for: 
Annual performance bonuses 
401(k) plan participation with employer match 
A home-office stipend
Generous time-off policy, with: 
Unlimited PTO 
Paid Holidays 
Additional benefits include: 
Remote-first work environment 
Flexible work schedules 
Professional development reimbursement 
 
Are you interested in tackling some of healthcare’s toughest challenges, working in a company culture rooted in Doing Good, and improving the lives of others? Come join us!

