https://apply.workable.com/therapynotes/j/1CE890A6E1/


Description
About TherapyNotes

TherapyNotes is a national leader in behavioral health Practice Management and Electronic Health Records (EHR) software. Our software-as-a-service (SaaS) solution is at the forefront of innovation, seamlessly integrating patient scheduling, medical records, billing, and electronic claims to revolutionize how mental health professionals manage their practices.

At TherapyNotes, we are a growing team of passionate and talented individuals. Our team thrives on collaboration and innovation, continually pushing the boundaries of what EHR software can do. We pride ourselves on our ability to adapt to the ever-evolving landscape of healthcare and technology, staying at the forefront of industry trends.

We believe in pushing each other to learn and solve complex problems, fostering an environment where your skills and expertise will flourish. Together, we are shaping the future of behavioral health software, making it easier for clinicians to provide the best possible care to their patients.

If you are passionate about technology, mental health, and making a difference, TherapyNotes is the place where you can realize your potential.

Description

The Product Manager works with appropriate departmental stakeholders, product designers, and development leads to create products and features that delight customers. 

Responsibilities

Create and maintain product roadmaps that align with the product vision and company goals
Propose new projects and functionality that aligns with the product strategy
Work with stakeholders, SMEs and customers to gather business requirements for development projects
Coordinate with leadership, design, and technology teams to plan and design complex solutions and workflows
Recommend project scope, understand and identify minimum viable product requirements and prioritize accordingly
Coordinate product initiatives across multiple development teams
Prioritize backlog and customer feature requests
Create and review feature tickets, user stories, and well-defined acceptance criteria
Validate product updates to ensure all requirements are met
Become a product expert in their area of product ownership
Participate in Agile ceremonies and team meetings
Create and coordinate feature release communications and technical documentation
Engage with sales and support to champion releases and guide future product direction
Conduct and maintain market research and competitive analyses
Create and own success metrics for product and feature initiatives
Adaptable to perform other duties as needed
Requirements

3+ years of experience as a Product Manager, Product Owner, Business Analyst, or relevant experience
Proven analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proficiency in Jira, Confluence, or other collaboration software systems
Strong plus: experience in an Agile development environment
Strong plus: experience with practice management or other healthcare software
Competencies

Business Acumen - Understands business implications of decisions, displays orientation to profitability, demonstrates knowledge of market and competition, and aligns work with strategic goals.
Strategic Thinking - Develops strategies to achieve organizational goals, understands organization's strengths & weaknesses, analyzes market and competition, identifies external threats and opportunities, and adapts strategy to changing conditions.
Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity, meets challenges with resourcefulness. generates suggestions for improving work, develops innovative approaches and ideas, and presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention.
Benefits

Competitive salary - $75,000-$125,000/year
Comp-time and flexible work hours
Full health, life, disability, and dental insurance
Retirement plan with company contribution
Annual company profit sharing
Personal development/training budget
Open, collaborative work environment
Extensive 2-week onboarding plan
Comprehensive mentorship program
Company provided refreshments
#LI-Remote
#LI-PL1

TherapyNotes, LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. All candidates whom have been given a conditional offer of employment with TherapyNotes, LLC must also undergo a criminal background check.

11/9/2023